winter dictates its rules not only to
Selection of clothing seasons
but also preparing the car for the cold
what season does it take for your
the car skated in the winter without problems in this
help to understand our auto tips on
a lot of car preparation for
winter comes down to pereobuvki and when pouring
automotive fluids and cleaning
motor systems and even if the machine
ran through everything without any problems
summer and at first glance technically
fully intact cold weather she
unexpectedly can bluff the typical
blue picture in the evening the car worked
regularly and in the morning to turn the key
ignition engine does not respond
the most common reason is
launch failure failure
battery case the fact is that
myself
battery 34 years if
in summer , the battery load was
small in the winter so we include
bake a couple of everything else we have
battery discharges much faster
than in the summer the car will not start because
the oil thickens in the cold and
the starter cannot crank the engine
thick oil so either we put the car
in a warm garage or pour oil
calculated for such a temperature on
minus and if a to b is
served it makes sense to call in
car service and check the density
electrolyte but if the battery
almost new, it is desirable to remove all
terminals clean and lubricate because the dirt
leads to electrochemical corrosion
anti-corrosion treatment specialists
It is recommended to carry out also
one of
a minimum of parts preparing the car for
winter season is the treatment of the bottom
anti-corrosion coatings
this is due to someone today
day all roads are treated with reagents
leading to transient corrosion
car body
and also visited motorists advise not
start a warm up car they say that
this is the prejudice left over from the times
when everyone went to the carburetor
cars on new cars this
do not need to master 1 kilometer
low speed
and there the engine is already warming up and
can be added year
mandatory procedure for each
car owner changing summer tires per day and
and the fact is that at air temperature
not higher than 10 degrees
summer tire tread rubber starts
lose their elasticity with this than
the lower the temperature the stronger fool
tires contrast summer tires from winter
is the first part
summer composition mode contains less
amount of possible additives and mixture
gum while winter just
a much larger amount is used
with the possible types of rubber in connection with this
of course its cost increases
in relation to the summer equivalent of winter
rubber has unlike summer
analogue more lamellas
that interact with the cold
asphalt and snow that gives principle
hold and and on the road
summer tires in contrast to winter more
it is necessary to be tough the first thing to pay attention
when choosing winter tires
it is the softness of the side cord that is
is of great importance also has
the value of softness is exactly the tread then
have all the composition should be soft
most effective and often winter
asymmetrical tires
the outer part of the tire is responsible for
asphalt road
inner snow should only
to install such tires correctly
according to markings on them
the difference is summer from winter in dimension
Ie example offers summer
185 tires at 65 will be offered in
the fourteenth degree then winter
it is recommended to put a narrower and
high that is 75 by 65
why in the summer we are interested in clutch with
expensive winter grip
gives pressure to the ground accordingly
with a greater height of rubber and more
narrower profile turns out more
ground pressure due to this
improved properties such as braking
acceleration and side skids of winter tires
has two kinds as non-studded
common people called velcro and
studded version
difference ordinary winter tires is good on
dry asphalt and snow
studded tires have a negative
position when braking and accelerating
dry asphalt, that is, you need to be more
neat and use less
speed at operation studded
rubber but much better and properties on
ice cover
water in the expansion tank
wiper cold weather
you need to merge in the first place
easy to find on nezamerzayku or composition and
freezes at minus temperatures and
general car with a mini weather
conditions need to be prepared in advance and
especially careful to be
if the machine is not new and has already run
domestic roads
and
taking into account the weather changes automatically
there is a question about the unspoken rules of their ride
in winter conditions
and this information is relevant as for
newbies motorists so for
drivers with experience sentence in winter
time of year must be respected
the three basic rules the first is small
movement speed
the second distance must be greater than
usually
secret to stay 2 times
slower than up
informal years be attentive on
on the roads and remember that fast driving is better
put off until spring good luck on the streets